'Cause they're all around you .... Anyway.
'Well, we all have to sit in here and touch ourselves
'You have the right to kill me, but you do not have the right to judge me.'
(sighs)
... uh
....
.... And then, I just got to add this: There was a whole firestorm yesterday about Brooke being, you know, a part of our crew.
100%. You know, here's your first pee test.
And Alex, try to get your mind around this, as a fellow warrior, deep in
And I was getting a tattoo during the death from above.
And I will destroy you in the air.
And I'm ... you know ... most of the time.
And I'm like ... guys, it's right there in the thing.
And I'm not ...
And if you're a part of my family, I will love you violently.
And it is his job to go out
And it was his pen and his vision that created the classic that we know today as Major League.
And it's just not an option.
And it's the banner
And let me just say this ... this is all I'm gonna say about it: Where there were four ... there are now three.
And one of those stupid mottoes, Alex, is 'Don't be special.
And people say, 'Oh, you know... you have to work through your
And that was actually, you know, one of the few compliments that clown has
And the gratitude I get is this charlatan chose not to do his job, which is to WRITE. Clearly, someone who believes he is above the law.
And therefore there's nothing in the middle.
And they will get out there and
And they're gonna fuel the battle-cry of my deadly and dangerous secret and
And this includes naps! You
And we are and, I don't know, winning?... Anyone? .... (long silence) ....
And you know, I'm tired ... I'm so tired of pretending like my life isn't
And you know, to sully and to contaminate or radically disrespect this
And, uh ....
B'bye.
Be one of us.'
Because ... look at what I'm dealing with, man.
Because I'm just ... um .... I don't know.
Because he's nothing shy of that.
Because you have absolute and total resolve about your decisions.
Because, you know ...
Boom.
Bring it, as I say.
Bring it.
Bring me a frickin' challenge.
Bull s.h.i.t.
But ... whatever.
But I dare anyone to debate me on things.
But I understand, according to
But I was gonna tell you, I'm tired of being told like, 'Oh, you can't talk about that.
But it's just not ... I'm not fair game.
But like in baseball, the scoreboard doesn't lie.
But there are parts of me that is hopper, because my motto now is 'You
But there's also ... falling from it ... is the apple from The Giving Tree.
Chaim Levine - yeah, that's Chuck's real name - mistook this rock star for
Check it, Alex, I embarrassed him in front of his children and the world by
Deal with it.
Duh! We work for the
Embarrass them.
Goodbye, Brooke, and good luck in your travels ...
HTML element type:
He's as radical as you'd think he'd might be.
How complicated can it be? What they're not ready for, is guys like you and I, Nails, and all the other gnarly gnarlingtons in my life ... that we are high priests ... Vatican assassin warlocks.
I agreed to do it.
I ain't hidin'.
I am every character in between, save for that little weirdo with his guts
I can't seem
I did.
I don't care.
I don't have time for their judgment and their stupidity and ....
I don't live in the middle
I don't live in the middle anymore.
I haven't read it.
I just closed my eyes and in a nanosecond I cured myself from this
I'm ... you know ... petting up the river to kill another part of me, which
I'm cured.
I'm dealing with fools and
I'm done.
I'm gonna hold on to them and they're gonna fuel my
I'm not a soft target.
I, Nails, and all the other gnarly gnarlingtons in my life ... that we are
If ... I'm not just my dad,
If they do, it's a smash.
If they don't, it's a
If you
In 22 years
In fact, I went straight on
In fact, a lot of people think the movie's called 'Wild Thing', as they
Inspired by WINNING.
It's ... yeah ... it's an understatement.
It's all good, guys.
It's being directed and written by a genius name David Ward who - oh, I don't know - won the Academy Award at 23 for writing The Sting.
It's crystal and it's pure
It's genuine.
It's just ... It's
It's on.
It's over.
Just
League.
Let me just say this: It's nothing this side of deplorable, that a certain
Losers! WINNING!
Major League 3? I don't know.
My success rate is 100%. Do the math!
Never has.
News flash! I am special, and I'll never be one of you! ... There it is.
Next one goes in your mouth.
No offense intended.
No panic, no judgment.
No, you won't get high .... It's all good.
No.
Not just beat them, but
Oh, wait! Can't process it.
Oh, we must
Okay ... last I
Pope.
Print that, people.
Quit
Quit panicking.
Rhymes with winning? .... Anyone? .... Yeah, that would be us.
Robinson - a wonderful man at Morgan Creek, a great company - need to work
See
See where that goes.
She's not there now.
So ... it's ... there's no ... again, bring me
So ... you know ... within that is tremendous focus, and tremendous
So if you think about it, dude, it's like I'm 0-for-3 with marriage, with
So what we all
Sorry! WINNING!
Stop trying.
THE BIBLE GRIPPERS!
Take for instance its founder and death written ... I don't know ... broken
That's life .... That's life.
That's not me.
That's the whole movie.
That's where you get embarrassed in front of the prom queen.
That's where you get slaughtered.
The goddesses? Alex, the goddesses .... Let me just say this about the
The only thing I'm addicted to right now is winning.
There's a new sheriff in town, and he has an army of assassins.
There's focus.
There's just one deal point that Jim
There's my life.
They have that night, and I will forget about them as the
They have zero.
They urge you to put down your sword and come join the winners.
They will lose the rest of their lives as they think about me and my life
This site is for parody purposes only.
Thought you
Um ... and not to
Um ... but I'm excited to get back ... to work.
Use at your own risk.
WINNING!
We murder people.
We take no responsibility if any of this makes it into a comp seen by a client.
We're Vatican assassins.
Well, I think it was Nails that said I was really, really flattered, 'cause he got it right.
Well, I'm not Thomas Jefferson .... He was a pussy!
Well, yeah.
Well, you've been warned, dude.
Why give an interview when you
Yeah, I didn't care about that vanity card.
Yeah, I sat with two - hey, coincidence - F-18, Top Gun, radical fire, napalm dropping pilots in my movie theater watching the chopper attack sequence on the beachhead to go surfing because they wanted to and those people were in their way.
Yeah, but I can't use the word 'sober' because that's a term from 'those
Yeah, why not? 'Cause it's just pure ... pure and complete gnarlyisms.
Yeah.
Yes! I don't read anything after it's come out, because I will not waste my
You can't talk about that.'
Bull s.h.i.t.
You know, I just ... I'm sorry, man, I got magic and I got poetry in my fingertips.
You know, he might be Nails, but I'm frickin' bayonets, you know? I am
You know, they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly
You know? Dealing with soft targets, and it's just strafing runs in my underwear before my first cup of coffee because I don't have time for these clowns.
You know? This bootleg
a challenge, somebody.
and bitchin', and just delivering the goods at every frickin' turn.
and frown.' Well, you don't look like you're having a lot of fun.
and it's available to everybody.
anymore.
attack.
battle-tested bayonets, bro.
been warned, dude.
best choice available, right?
bring up these ... these turds ... these little losers ... there's no
but when you're bound by these terrestrial descriptions, you must use the
can leave a warning, you know?
checked, Chaim, I've spent close to the last decade, I don't know,
children and just look at their loser lives and then they look at me and
clarity, and tremendous peace.
clowns.
completely discount what you just talked about ... It's just that if I
cult - you know, arrogantly referred to as 'Alcoholics Anonymous' - now
deploy my ordinance to the ground.
don't know - won the Academy Award at 23 for writing The Sting.
down plagiarist ... stayed high on acid until the day he died.
driving a convertible van or living like trolls under an abandoned bridge.
effortless and magically converting your tin cans into pure gold.
either love, or you hate ... and you must do so violently.' And the reason
embarrass them in the process.
for the rest of their lives.
from the death card that Kilgore is throwing on his victims.
goddesses: I don't believe the term is good enough ... is good enough ...
have is a marriage of the heart ... of the hearts.
he got it right.
healing at a pace that his unevolved mind can't process.
high priests ... Vatican assassin warlocks.
his own selfish exit strategy, bro.
his pen and his vision that created the classic that we know today as Major
in front of the prom queen.
infiltrate and try to hurt my family, I will murder you violently.
is 'courage'.
is not in your family, because they're there to destroy your family, and
it just ain't there.
just the work of sissies.
know, I'm an F-18, bro.
last image of them exits my beautiful home.
love with violence and you hate with violence, there's nothing that can be
man, I got magic and I got poetry in my fingertips.
napalm dropping pilots in my movie theater watching the chopper attack
ne'er an excuse.
nobility in that.
out is they want me in it.
paid me in frickin' almost a decade.
panicking.
people were in their way.
people', and I have cleansed myself.
perfect and bitchin' and just winning every second .... And I'm not perfect
precious time on such ridiculous nonsense.
questioned.
reason to then bring them back into the fold, because I have real fame, and
resentments.' Yeah.
ridiculous model of disease, addiction, and obsession.
say this ... this is all I'm gonna say about it: Where there were four ...
say, 'I CAN'T PROCESS IT!' Well, no, and you never will.
sequence on the beachhead to go surfing because they wanted to and those
should.
silent soldiers.
sit back and enjoy the show .... You know?
speak of the Vatican assassins.
strapped in, begging for water.
supports a 5% success rate.
surrender ... or the concept of complete and total surrender.
the bible grippers.
the only 'winners' I could locate in their toothless warren were either
the trenches: Their entire manifesto is built upon complete and total
there and embarrass people.
there are now three.
they have nothing.
they will come at you in all forms and shapes.
they will sell me, and they will lose.
to WRITE. Clearly, someone who believes he is above the law.
to find that chapter in his silly book of lies.
trolls.
turd that opens on a tugboat.
underwear before my first cup of coffee because I don't have time for these
union with a shameful contract is something I'll leave to the amateurs and
were just messing with one dude.
where that goes.
with that one and just dispelled that one.
yesterday about Brooke being, you know, a part of our crew.
you can't talk about that.
you must hate violently is because ... and you have to hate everyone that
you're gonna need it ... badly... So ....
you, that there was a lot of curiosity about the Vatican assassins.